About Dr Ishan Gupta:
Dr. Ishan Gupta is a dedicated and experienced Pulmonology Respiratory Medicine Specialist based in New Delhi, Delhi. With over 10 years of expertise in the field, Dr. Gupta has established a reputation for providing high-quality care and treatment to patients with respiratory conditions. He is a graduate of MBBS and holds a DNB in Respiratory Diseases, which equips him with the knowledge and skills necessary to diagnose and manage a wide range of pulmonary issues like Asthma, COPD, Tb, Sarcoidosis, Pneumonia, Lung fibrosis (ILD) .
He has expertise in all Pulmonary procedures including Bronchoscopy, EBUS, Thoracocentesis, Lung Biopsy and all critical care procedures. He holds special interest in Sleep Apnea and has presented various talks in national conferences across the nation. He is a skilled critical care expert and handles all ICU patients and patients needing Ventilation. 
Fluent in English, Hindi, and Punjabi, Dr. Gupta is committed to communicating effectively with his patients, ensuring they fully understand their conditions and treatment options. At Apollo Hospitals, he employs a patient-centric approach, focusing on personalized treatment plans that lead to optimal health outcomes. Dr. Gupta is known for his compassionate demeanor, taking the time to listen to his patients' concerns and providing them with the support they need during their treatment journey. Whether it's managing chronic conditions like asthma, COPD, or providing care for acute respiratory infections, Dr. Gupta remains dedicated to advancing the field of pulmonology and enhancing the quality of life for those he treats.


Awards and Recognitions:
Awarded APJ ABDUL KALAM award  in field of Service Excellence in Pulmonology on Doctor’s Day
Member of Indian Chest Society
Member of European Respiratory Society
Member of Chest Journal
Speaker in NCCP Meet on topic - Solitary Pulmonary Nodule.
Invited as Speaker on CNBC Awaaz on sleep hygiene.
Invited as Speaker on various talks in National Conferences.

Publications:
1.	Disseminated Histoplasmosis in a patient with Rheumatoid Arthritis and Interstitial Lungs.
2.	Sarcoidosis: An Unusual case of pleural effusion. Research paper:Medical Science:India:Volume9:Issue10:PageNo.1736-1737:December2020.
3.	Post trauma deep seated cutaneous mucormycosis with secondary bacterial infection with multiorgan failure in a diabetic patient :Dr.Ishan Gupta, International Journal of Scientific, Research :Volume9 :Issue12: December20
4.	Antidepressant-induced Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome: Unraveling Sertraline’s Role in Acute Lung Injury Ahlawat A, Modi N, Gupta I. Antidepressant-induced Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome: Unraveling Sertraline’s Role in Acute Lung Injury. Indian J Chest Dis Allied Sci 2026

Contact Information:
1. Whatsapp Number : +918076674364
2. Clinic Address: Cure Chest Clinic, Sco 71, Sector 28 HUDA Market, Faridabad 
3. Email: ⁠⁠dr.ishangupta90@gmail.com

Office Hours:
Monday - Saturday
5 PM to 8 PM